adding documentation for sftp.conp.ca (#58)
CONP-PCNO/conp-documentation: CONP_data_upload_users.md

# Uploading data to CONP

> ## 1. Obtain an account on the CONP sftp server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Obtain an account on the CONP SFTP server
```

I think SFTP should be upper case, no?

Contact CONP admins via the [contact form](https://portal.conp.ca/contact_us) to request an account and specify details of your dataset(s).  We will contact you with a username and initial password.

Note that the default maximum space available for users is 50 GB.  Hosting larger datasets is possible but requires special arrangement with CONP.

## 2. Transfer your data to CONP

Once you have obtained an account, you will be able to connect with the server from the command line:

```
sftp -o port=7500 <yourusername>@sftp.conp.ca
```

You can then create directories to represent your data's structure with the ```mkdir``` command:

```
mkdir mydataset1
```

> transfer individual files from your location with the ```put``` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To transfer individual files from your location, use the ```put``` command:
```

```
put README.md
```

> or multiple files with the ```mput``` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To transfer multiple files from your location, use the ```mput``` command:
```
